Hello and welcome to feature engineering,
transformation and selection.
Now, some of this material may seem like
it's review, especially from earlier
courses or if you've worked in
an academic or research setting.
But here, we're going to be
focusing on production issues,
one of which means being able to do all
of this at scale in a reproducible and
consistent way, so let's get started.
Welcome to feature engineering,
transformation and selection,
we'll start with an introduction
to pre-processing.
There's a quote from Andrew Ng,
coming up with features is difficult,
time consuming and
requires expert knowledge.
Applied machine learning often requires
careful engineering of the features and
data set.
So now let's take a look at what we're
going to be talking about, first,
we're going to look at how to
get the most out of our data and
we'll take a look at the art and it
really, it is an art of feature engineer.
We'll look at the future
engineering process itself and
how feature engineering is
done in a typical ML pipeline.
So let's start with how
we're going to squeeze
information really out of our data.
So, Emma models usually require some data
pre processing to improve training and you
should probably by now have been training
models that this is very familiar to you.
What may not be quite so familiar are some
of the issues that are involved in
production environments, so
that's where we'll focus.
The way that data is represented can
really have a big influence on how
a model is able to learn from it.
For example,
models tend to converge much faster and
more reliably when numerical
data has been normalized.
So techniques for selecting and
transforming the input data
are key to increase the predictive
quality of the models and
dimensionality reduction is
recommended whenever possible.
So that the most relevant
information is preserved,
while both the representation and
prediction ability are enhanced and
the required compute
resources are reduced.
Remember, in production ML
compute resources are a key
contributor to the cost
of running a model, so
let's kind of take a conceptual
look at feature engineering here.
The art of feature engineering tries
to improve your model's ability
to learn while reducing if possible,
the compute resources it requires,
it does this by transforming and
projecting, eliminating and
or combining the features in your raw data
to form a new version of your data set.
So typically across the ML pipeline,
you incorporate the original
features often transformed or
projected to a new space and or
combinations of your features.
Objective function must be properly tuned
to make sure your model is heading in
the right direction and that is
consistent with your feature engineering.
You can also update your model by
adding new features from the set
of data that is available to
you unlike many things in ML,
this tends to be an iterative
process that gradually improves
your results as you iterate or
you hope it does.
You have to monitor that and
if it's not improving,
maybe back up and take another approach.
Feature engineering is usually
applied in two fairly different ways,
during training, you usually have
the entire data set available to you.
So you can use global properties of
individual features in your feature
engineering transformations.
For example, you can compute
the standard deviation of a feature and
then use that to perform normalization.
However, when you serve
your trained model,
you must do the same
feature engineering so
that you give your model the same
types of data that it was trained on.
For example,
if you created a one hot vector for
a categorical feature when you trained,
you need to also create an equivalent one
hot vector when you serve your model.
However, during training and serving,
you typically process each request
individually, so it's important that
you include global properties of your
features, such as the standard deviation.
If you use it during training include
that with the feature engineering
that you do when serving, failing to
do that right is a very common source
of problems in production systems, and
often these errors are difficult to find.
So to review some key points,
as the quote from Andrew Ng demonstrates,
feature engineering can
be very difficult and
time consuming but
it is also very important to success.
You want to squeeze the most out of
your data and you do that using feature
engineering, by doing that,
you enable your models to learn better.
You also want to make sure that you
concentrate predictive information,
your data into as few features
as possible to make the best and
least expensive use of
your compute resources.
And you need to make sure that you apply
the same feature engineering during
serving as you applied during training.